README.md, before:

# rhine: Turn-based War Strategy

The game will have you play full military tactics and planning.

## v0.7.0 !
* fixed AI using too much manpower
* casualties can now recover
* battle mechanisms improved

### v0.6.9
* added Auto Command for selected units
* Changing unit templates
* beautify codes
* bug fixes
* improve AI, which now now to retreat smartly

### v0.6.4
* fix generals pointers bug
* new divisions will have low skill and will auto train
* air strike now have maximum damage
* added skill indicator
* fixes AI factory building
* fix NaN in combat indicators

### v0.6.1
* add maximum breakthrough
* tune AI
* fix casualties miscalculation
* air strikes can only be done once a turn

## v0.6.0!
* **Historical generals** and traits

### v0.5.93
* Air strikes
* UI Redesign
* Background music

### v0.5.9
* in-game date via speed & map distance
* bug fixes

### v0.5.8
* Player selection
* Scenario tuning

## v0.5.0
* HUGE optimizations
  - **18x faster**
  - hardware accelerated graphics
* Added gridless map
* Reworked terrain icons
* "Unselect others" in unit selection
* AI weights tuning

## v0.4.17
* added new scenarios
* added Waiting screen
* fixed css probs with unicode names
* added terrain coloring
* added oceans concept and updated pathfinding
* bug fixes

Features:
* Millitary Organizations
* Realistic simulation such as supply lines, terrains, etc.
* mulitplayer hotseat
* single player against AI
* **NO INSTALL REQUIRED**

### [Tutorial](https://github.com/SitanHuang/rhine/wiki)

## 0. Demo online
[Scenario: InvasionOfChina](https://SitanHuang.github.io/rhine/Play%20Scenario%20-%20Japanese%20Invasion%20of%20China.html?v=07028)

[Scenario: Shanghai Campaign](https://SitanHuang.github.io/rhine/Play%20Scenario%20-%20Communist%20Takeover%20In%20Nanjing.html?v=07028)
## 1. Download and extract ZIP
[Mainstream (v0.7.0)](https://github.com/SitanHuang/rhine/archive/master.zip?ncache=6918)

[v0.6.0](https://github.com/SitanHuang/rhine/releases/download/v0.6.0/rhine-v0.6.0.zip)

[V0.5.0](https://github.com/SitanHuang/rhine/releases/download/v0.5.0/rhine-v0.5.0.zip)

[v0.4.0](https://github.com/SitanHuang/rhine/releases/download/v0.9/rhine-0.4.zip)
## 3. Choose 1 html file of the two in Google Chrome

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SitanHuang/rhine/master/gui/Screenshot%20from%202018-04-09%2017-17-34.png?v=06014" width="400">

## Feel free to fork it and add new features!

Commit message:

* Added feature to build fort * new divisions will require time to fully recruit

README.md, after:

# rhine: Turn-based War Strategy

The game will have you play full military tactics and planning.

### v0.7.2
* new divisions now takes time to fully recruit men
* forts can be built

## v0.7.0 !
* fixed AI using too much manpower
* casualties can now recover
* battle mechanisms improved

### v0.6.9
* added Auto Command for selected units
* Changing unit templates
* beautify codes
* bug fixes
* improve AI, which now now to retreat smartly

### v0.6.4
* fix generals pointers bug
* new divisions will have low skill and will auto train
* air strike now have maximum damage
* added skill indicator
* fixes AI factory building
* fix NaN in combat indicators

### v0.6.1
* add maximum breakthrough
* tune AI
* fix casualties miscalculation
* air strikes can only be done once a turn

## v0.6.0!
* **Historical generals** and traits

### v0.5.93
* Air strikes
* UI Redesign
* Background music

### v0.5.9
* in-game date via speed & map distance
* bug fixes

### v0.5.8
* Player selection
* Scenario tuning

## v0.5.0
* HUGE optimizations
  - **18x faster**
  - hardware accelerated graphics
* Added gridless map
* Reworked terrain icons
* "Unselect others" in unit selection
* AI weights tuning

## v0.4.17
* added new scenarios
* added Waiting screen
* fixed css probs with unicode names
* added terrain coloring
* added oceans concept and updated pathfinding
* bug fixes

Features:
* Millitary Organizations
* Realistic simulation such as supply lines, terrains, etc.
* mulitplayer hotseat
* single player against AI
* **NO INSTALL REQUIRED**

### [Tutorial](https://github.com/SitanHuang/rhine/wiki)

## 0. Demo online
[Scenario: InvasionOfChina](https://SitanHuang.github.io/rhine/Play%20Scenario%20-%20Japanese%20Invasion%20of%20China.html?v=072)

[Scenario: Shanghai Campaign](https://SitanHuang.github.io/rhine/Play%20Scenario%20-%20Communist%20Takeover%20In%20Nanjing.html?v=072)
## 1. Download and extract ZIP
[Mainstream (v0.7.2)](https://github.com/SitanHuang/rhine/archive/master.zip)

[v0.6.0](https://github.com/SitanHuang/rhine/releases/download/v0.6.0/rhine-v0.6.0.zip)

[V0.5.0](https://github.com/SitanHuang/rhine/releases/download/v0.5.0/rhine-v0.5.0.zip)

[v0.4.0](https://github.com/SitanHuang/rhine/releases/download/v0.9/rhine-0.4.zip)
## 3. Choose 1 html file of the two in Google Chrome

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SitanHuang/rhine/master/gui/Screenshot%20from%202018-04-09%2017-17-34.png?v=06014" width="400">

## Feel free to fork it and add new features!
